Below are instructions for producing the files found in inst/extdata

protein-peptides-id.csv and protein-peptides-lfq.csv were produced by exporting
data from an example MSP-MS run from PEAKS. Instructions to set up the Peaks run 
and export each of these files are provided below. 

Setting Up PEAKS run

  A project was opened in PEAKS and .raw files cooresponding to the mass
  spectrometry runs for the experiment were uploaded. A new sample was created 
  for each file. The appropiate instrument (Q-exactive), fragmentation method 
  (HCD), and enzyme (None) for the experiment was selected. The data refinement
  tab was then clicked and the following parameters were set:
  
    Merge scans - checked
      Retention time window (for raw files) - 0.8 min
      Precursor m/z error tolerance - 10.0 ppm
      Merge CID and HCD scans together - unchecked
    Correct Precursor - checked. 
      Mass only (recommended) - checked 
      Mass and Charge states - unchecked 
    Filter Scans - checked
      only keep scans satisfying:
        Precursor mass between - unchecked
        Retention time between - 0 and 95 min
        Quality value greater than - unchecked 
      
  The identification tab was then clicked and the following parameters were set: 
  
    Precursor mass- 20ppm using monoisotopic mass 
    Fragment ion- 0.01 Da
    Enzyme- None
    
    PTM
    - no PTMs specified
    
    Database 
    - database for peptide library used in the MSP-MS experiment was used
    
    General options
    Estimate FDR with decoy-fusion - checked
    
  Then the quantification tab button was selected.

    Tools
      Label-free - checked
    Basic options
      Mass error tolerance - 9 ppm
      Retention Time Shift Tolerance - 3.0 min
    Sample Groups
      replicate samples were added to a new group.
  
  Finished was clicked and the PEAKS run was started. 
  
Exporting protein-peptides-lfq.csv
  Quantification was selected once PEAKS run finished
    Normalization Factor was changed to "No normalization"
    Peptide Filters were changed so no filtering occurs
      quality >= 0
      Avg. Area >= 0
      Peptide ID Count >= 0
      Charge between 1 and 10
      Have at least 1 confident samples. 
    Protein Filters were changed so no filtering occurs
      Significance >= 0 
    Export was selected
      supporting peptides - checked
        protein-peptides.csv name changed to protein-peptides-lfq.csv

Exporting protein-peptides-id.csv
  Quantification was selected again
    FDR was adjusted to 1%
    Results were applied
      Export was selected
        supporting peptides- checked
        protein-peptides.csv - filename changed to protein-peptides-id.csv


proteome_discoverer_output.xlsx

* This file was produced by exporting data for an example from 
Proteome Discoverer. A search was performed using the database 
cooresponding to the peptides used in the MSP-MS experiment. Then data was
exported from the Proteome discoverer export menu as a .xlsx file.  

design_matrix.csv 

* Design matrix for the example MSP-MS experiment in which a protease was 
incubated with either DMSO or MZB inhibitor for 0, 60, or 240 minutes. The file
was prepared in Excel and saved as a .csv file. 